TravelMap_folium.py
Script to generate travel maps showing places that have (and have not) been visited. Also generates photo pins using geotagged images and places on map. Output generates .html file with multi-layer folium map plus embedded image data.

Map Usage:
The travel maps require geojson data to define countries/boundaries (found in geojson-data folder), and input files for travel logs (.csv). Example files (world_travel.csv and usa_travel.csv) are included for reference formatting. The program pulls the header names for the rest of the program ('Adam' and 'Eve' in the example files) so these names can be customized in input. This was originally intended for exactly two people, though the code could be modified to use more/less (with the caveat that adding more probably means some simplification of depicting when multiple people have been to a country, as the number of options scales quickly so the map key becomes busy). Three requires 5 options, but four requires 12 options, etc. This could be simplified with just a "multiple people" option. Similarly, a map that shows if any member of a group/family has been to a country could be done.

Photo Pin Usage:
To achieve photopins, the program needs both the image and the geodata. Many cameras are capable of burning the geotag into the exif info, in which case this can be harvested and used to place the pin. If geotags aren't available, they can be added manually, and a script is included to take info from a table and add it to images (batch_add_GPS.py). For the example, a series of non-geotagged images (open use from pexels, see image names for photocredit) were put in the nonGPS folder, and the geo info was added to Photolog.txt in the nonGPS folder (note: the example latitude/longitude/altitude data is mostly random, and doesn't necessarily have anything to do with the images in the demo. The images are written with whatever is put in the photolog file, so this could be used to modify existing data if desired, example to tag an image of something far away with the actual location of the object rather than the location of the camera, like the Eiffel Tower from miles away). Once the script runs, a geotagged copy is added to the base Pics folder. Because the folium map adds photos as base64 data, the file sizes can be pretty large if images are large, so a separate script (create_thumbnails.py) is included to knock them down to thumbnails of a more manageable size (~400 pixels, in the example, but this can be anything) while preserving the geotags from the last step. The pics in the thumbnails folder are then added to the map when the main TravelMap_folium.py script is run. The program then creates a Photolog.txt file in the main folder, in case you started with geotagged images to begin with and want a nice list.

A NOTE ABOUT MAPS:
These maps are not intended to make a political statement about anywhere in the world, including but not limited to country names/spellings, occupied territories, official/unofficial borders, etc. While it is generally recognized this can be a hot-button issue, many of the decisions were made out of convenience (using available datastreams, without needing much modification) rather than any conscious agenda. No offense is intended by this, and the code can be reasonably easily modified to accommodate other geo data & accompanying input files (as long as everything matches). Additionally, this was developed in the USA, so it made sense to break out the various states, which might not be appealing to international audiences. I resisted the urge to embed all the input in one file, so that it might be easier to replace the USA with the bulk country, while also providing a template for how things were done if a user wanted to add individual states/regions/counties for any or all countries.  
